What if I told you the secret to posting everywhere is to stop creating content?
I spent hours studying multi-million dollar startups and the biggest takeaway is this: they don’t create content, they repurpose it.
It’s the 1-N principle—one piece of thinking becomes a TikTok, a thread, and a LinkedIn post.
Also, viral hooks aren't magic—they're science.
They use predictable patterns like controversy, shock, or curiosity.
You just need to pick one and test it on your audience.
The real secret weapon?
Systems.
The creators winning right now have pipelines to score their hooks and automate the boring stuff.
I built one, and it instantly 10x'd my content output in the same amount of time.
You need a system.